[MI-1932] Sending file attachment to VA (#12)
Brightscout/mattermost-plugin-servicenow-virtual-agent: docs/servicenow_setup.md

  - Create on the New button on the top right corner and then go to "Create an OAuth API endpoint for external clients".
  - Enter the name for your app and set the redirect URL to `https://<your-mattermost-url>/plugins/mattermost-plugin-servicenow-virtual-agent/api/v1/oauth2/complete`.
  - The client secret will be generated automatically.
  - You will need the values `ClientID` and `ClientSecret` while configuring the plugin.

## 5. Setting up trusted domains for file uploads
  - Navigate to **sys_cs_provider_application.list > VA Bot to Bot Provider Application**.
  - Add your Mattermost URL in the "Trusted media domain" field.

>   **Note-** The Provider Channel Identity form may not show the Trusted media domains field. Click on the menu icon in top left and select "Configure -> Form Layout" to make it visible before proceeding to add trusted domains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Note-** The Provider Channel Identity form may not show the Trusted media domains field. Click on the menu icon in the top left and select "Configure -> Form Layout" to make it visible before adding trusted domains.
```

  - Create on the New button on the top right corner and then go to "Create an OAuth API endpoint for external clients".
  - Enter the name for your app and set the redirect URL to `https://<your-mattermost-url>/plugins/mattermost-plugin-servicenow-virtual-agent/api/v1/oauth2/complete`.
  - The client secret will be generated automatically.
  - You will need the values `ClientID` and `ClientSecret` while configuring the plugin.

## 5. Setting up trusted domains for file uploads

>   - Navigate to **sys_cs_provider_application.list > VA Bot to Bot Provider Application**.

Reviewer 2: How will the user navigate to `sys_cs_provider_application.list`?
